# FreeCryptographicAlgorithm

I have developed the following framework/algorithm for Fernet cryptographic key method for encryption of personal/medical/confidential materials in a word processing document. As it is described on the surface, the Fernet method suggests you only need one key to encrypt. Upon further research of the python encrypt/decrypt functions I have found that you can use multiple keys to have a variable level of encryption that must be matched in the reverse by decryption in order to return the file to a readable form. My algorithm expounds on this idea by creating close to 10,000 keys within the local directory of a personal or work computer. This is done by making multiple file directories and deploying a proprietary naming convention of keys to each directory. Even keys with the same name that occupy different directories are not identical via this method. This is effectively a key bomb on the local hard drive. Imagine the idea of needing a specific key to open a door and in order to hide the key, you create a key bomb that suddenly hides the key of focus amongst 10,000 other keys. Encryption via applied chaos as well as the cryptographic algorithm of the Fernet method. Then in order to further obfuscate the encryption of the file, you use a set of 3-7 or 10-15 keys in a certain order to give multiple iterations of encryption that must be decrypted in the exact opposite order. Then once you have encrypted with the set of keys, you change the names of the keys by manually renming them. Then you erase the encryption file you made in python and only note the new key names and the python code to write in a file within a paper notebook outside of the computer. This will destroy the only record of the encrytption execution within the computer and remove the solution to the encryption puzzle from the computational writeable and therefore re-readable history within the hard drive. It is labor intensive and possible that you may make a mistake during transcription of the notebook python file back to the hard drive when you wish to finally decrypt the file given you want to avoid writing the final decryption algorithm of the hard drive to maintain maximum security of the contents. But this gives sevaral factors of the level of difficulty that your encryption will have to decrypt by an outside agent or a robotic cracking bot.

The encryption algorthm may help but I like my method of encryption over the above algorithm. Applied chaos of online activity focus. Encryption via a mass of information that hides your online focus by making an outside agent sift through offensive porn, worthless spoofing info, and confusing made up code that you can apply to your system at random. Then when you feel confident that you have a good understanding of the system you recieve information from you focus the information you release in order to obfuscate with a mass of output that slips extremely powerful information trade within a large output matrix that would take months for someone to read. Then along with the powerful information trade you create multiple copies of the information in different portals and at least on a pen and paper medium if it is a matter of national security (or maybe only mentally memorized in some cases). I honestly feel comfortable enough with my speaking and writing along with my geographic location that I don't exactly need to encrypt my writing or speech because we still have the ability to at least write what we wish on our own personal computers. But as the global conflict worsens and spreads, cyber and psycho warfare has increased. Now, pretty much every computational framework you enter into profusely notes that you have zero warranty on any and all computational systems (at least those that are open source and/or on computers that are affordable to the working class).

These files create the aforementioned weaponized obfuscation algorithm within a MacOS computer. It has not been tested extensively. This design holds zero warranty. That is not to say it is worthless. If you have a need to completely nuke someone's computer file system such that they will be unable to figure out how to regain the readability of a file, I would suggest that this algorithm has the potential to do that. On the other side of the coin, I believe that this algorithm equipped within a skilled mathematician's toolbox that requires a large dataset to quickly apply a complex nuclear type option to go techno-silent, i.e. disappear their own written records but retain a old school decrytption technique, i.e. a dead man's switch within a safe deposit box that flashbangs the info into a court proceeding upon the death of a client, or immediately initiates a deeply coded message within a text bomb deployment within an automated initiation sequence, etc, etc. I have done the labor to give the user a free and clear emergency use or at least an interesting test for cyptographic research for whomever is interested in the technology. I don't need confirmation of this payload being delivered, deployed, or it's efficacy during testing or implementation. I do not need to remain anonymous but I would prefer to remain anonimized with regards to this particular deployment. I don't require funding at this time. That is not to insinuate that I will never require funding for my work. I very much appreciate the community and simply would like this to be utilized for research purposes and in order to improve the human condition.
